listening to the impulse to breathe. We
did a secondary practice which was
getting more and more present in the
moment. Okay. And then all of a sudden
Mr. pride comes into the deal and we've
lost our impulse to breathe and we've
lost our natural presence and we're no
longer loving it. We're now starting
trying to control the universe instead
of enjoying our
presence in it.
Maybe I would rather go to Chinese food,
but I kind of want to make sure that's
actually what he wants to do.
And if not,
then rather than going to Italian food,
which I don't want to do, or making him
go to Chinese food, I think we could
just stop and go to McDonald's.
You know, whatever it is, we'll find
some place that works for both of us
that harmonize our energy. Now, that
isn't always going to be true, and there
will be those situations where this
becomes more of our
appropriate movement. Iikido.
Um, I know some people say it's a
nonviolent art. I don't say that. They
say it's a non-resistant art, but not
nonviolent. We don't hit in iikido.
There's a
list of rules when you enter hamu dojo.
And the first one says in iikido, one
strike is capable of killing a person.
So, I would kind of rethink that. And
there will be times when this is going
to be the appropriate situation. Uh
let's hope it never happens in your
life, but it certainly has happened for
some people. And then in that case,
this kind of stuff just is not it's not
really good. Not when you're protecting
your family, not when you're protecting
a child. You need a certain
capability.
And somewhere in your process, if you
really care about the marshall edge, you
should develop that. And like I'm doing,
very gently and slowly. And and you
know, 5 minutes out of a class once
every couple months is probably enough.
You don't need to do it a lot. But you
should keep in mind that some teachers
will say that Tam is 90% of Iikido. I
don't know what's right there. I know
that there's a time and a place for
everything and that mostly if you're
doing the impulse to breathe and you're
radiating kind of a positive presence
they'll pick somebody else and actually
your spirit will start to calm the wild
beast in them a bit and you know since I
started martial arts I've never been in
a fight so have I wasted my time or if I
used it really well. Okay.
So now in your motion here,
I just like to take one more minute. I
know I I know you want to throw, but
just
that sense of really feeling in harmony
with them so that when you do suggest
where you should go to eat, it's the
right suggestion. It's the right movie,
it's the right Thank you.